Improve the warning about partial backups (#4336)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/backup-restore.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> Partial backups are only considering a part of the data, and do not take potential dependencies with other parts which may not have been backuped in consideration. Therefore they cannot guarantee backup/restore consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Partial backups are only considering a part of the data, and do not take potential dependencies with other parts which may not have been backed up in consideration. 
Therefore they cannot guarantee backup/restore consistency.
```
